[LEAVES RUSTLING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> You said you'd sort this out.
>> Yeah.
I'm going to.
>> You always leave
everything to me.
I haven't got time for this.
>> All you ever do is work.
>> (ANGRILY) Well,
somebody has to.
>> Hey, what's wrong?
(EXASPERATED) You
never let me touch you.
>> Do you even know
what day it is?
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Do we have to talk
about this now?
I'm by the woods.
(ANGRILY) You do.
I'm sick of it.
It's like living with a big kid.
No, Mark, it's not OK.
Well, I've had enough.
Really, I can't do it anymore.
For God's sake.
But it's all the time.
Yes, you do.
I think this is it.
It's over.
Hello?
(EXASPERATED) Oh, dammit.
[BIRDS CHIRPING, CROW CAWING]
Oh, bloody piece of
plastic shitwank.
Sorry.
I hope you didn't hear all that.
>> Plastic shitwank?
Not all of it.
Are you lost, dear?
>> No, no.
I've just parked by
the road somewhere.
>> Oh, don't worry.
I'll show you the way.
Come on.
>> You're sure this
is the right way?
>> Oh, yes.
I know this wood intimately.
Ah, here's my old friend.
>> A tree?
>> An elder, like me.
>> OK.
Well, I have to go.
>> What's the rush?
>> I have to get back.
>> But it's such
a beautiful day.
Just let's sit
here for a minute,
and then we can find the car.
Made from the flowers
of this very tree.
[CHUCKLES]
To you, my dear.
>> It's really nice.
You made it from these?
>> Oh, yes.
The elder is a very
magical tree, isn't it?
She gives so many
cures, they used
to call her the medicine chest.
But It was bad luck to
use her in a bonfire.
(SOFTLY) Elder be lady's tree.
Burn her not, or
cursed you'll be.
>> We won't get cursed for this?
>> Oh no.
She approves of this.
Don't you, old girl?
>> I really have
to find the car.
>> It will still be
there in a minute or two.
[GLASSES CLINKING]
>> So did you come
here for a picnic?
>> I come here every year--
my wedding anniversary.
Look what my husband
left here many moons ago.
>> It's my anniversary too--
five years.
>> Hmm.
>> I think it'll be my last.
>> Oh, you'll work it out.
>> I don't think so.
So where's your husband?
Oh, sorry.
>> Don't be.
We had 43 years together and
three beautiful children.
Yes, love can be
painful at times,
but it's still the
greatest show on Earth.
>> That's a beautiful shawl.
>> Fairly old now.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
It will be dark soon,
the time for lovers.
>> Oh my god.
It's so late.
I thought we'd
only just arrived.
>> Time does funny
things around here.
>> I really have to go.
>> Yeah, of course.
Just follow the
path straight on.
You'll find it.
>> Thank you.
I hope to see you
again sometime.
>> Oh you will, dear.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[LEAVES RUSTLING]
>> There you are.
You got cut off, and then
I've been looking for ages,
and I find the car,
and you're not in it.
>> Sorry, and I'm sorry
for how I've been.
>> Yeah, me too.
You rushed off before
I could give you this.
Happy anniversary.
>> Oh my god.
>> Is that good or bad?
>> It's the same as this
lady I just met has.
We'd better show her.
Come on.
She's gone.
>> Are you sure it was here?
>> Yeah, yeah.
It had a-- oh.
[GASPS]
>> What?
>> Time does funny
things around here.
[SOOTHING MUSIC]